[FLINK-21074][FLINK-21076][docs][coord] Document Reactive Mode (#15064)
apache/flink: docs/content/docs/deployment/elastic_scaling.md

---
title: Elastic Scaling
weight: 5
type: docs

---
<!--
Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.
-->

# Elastic Scaling

> Flink allows you to adjust your cluster size to your workloads. This is possible manually by stopping a job with a savepoint and restarting it from the savepoint with a different parallelism. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apache Flink allows you to rescale your jobs. You can either do this manually by stopping the job and restarting from the savepoint created during shutdown with a different parallelism. 
```
```

This page describes options where Flink automatically adjusts the parallelism.

## Reactive Mode

{{< hint danger >}}
Reactive mode is a MVP ("minimum viable product") feature. The Flink community is actively looking for feedback by users through our mailing lists. Please check the limitations listed on this page.
{{< /hint >}}

> Reactive Mode configures Flink so that it always uses all resources made available to Flink. Adding a TaskManager will scale up your job, removing resources will scale it down. Flink will manage the parallelism of a job's operators, always setting them to the highest possible values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reactive Mode configures a job so that it always uses all resources available in the cluster. Adding a TaskManager will scale up your job, removing resources will scale it down. Flink will manage the parallelism of the job, always setting them to the highest possible values.
```

The Reactive Mode allows Flink users to implement a powerful autoscaling mechanism, by having an external service monitor certain metrics, such as consumer lag, aggregate CPU utilization, throughput or latency. As soon as these metrics are above or below a certain threshold, additional TaskManagers can be added or removed from the Flink cluster. This could be implemented through changing the [replica factor](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/deployment/#replicas) of a Kubernetes deployment, or an [autoscaling](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/AutoScalingGroup.html) group. This external service only needs to handle the resource allocation and deallocation. Flink will take care of keeping the job running with the resources available.

>  

Reviewer: Maybe add a paragraph about that reactive mode restarts the job from the latest completed checkpoint. This means, that a) no savepoint overhead compared to the manual rescaling option and b) the amount of data that is reprocessed after rescaling depends on the checkpoint interval.

# Submit Job in Reactive Mode
./bin/standalone-job.sh start -Drestart-strategy=fixeddelay -Drestart-strategy.fixed-delay.attempts=100000 -Dscheduler-mode=reactive -j org.apache.flink.streaming.examples.windowing.TopSpeedWindowing
# Start first TaskManager
./bin/taskmanager.sh start
```

Let's quickly examine the used submission command:
- `./bin/standalone-job.sh start` deploys Flink in [Application Mode]({{< ref "docs/deployment/overview" >}}#application-mode)
- `-Drestart-strategy=fixeddelay` and `-Drestart-strategy.fixed-delay.attempts=100000` configure the job to restart on failure. This is needed for supporting scale-down.
- `-Dscheduler-mode=reactive` enables Reactive Mode.
- the last argument is passing the Job's main class name.

You have now started a Flink job in Reactive Mode. The [web interface](http://localhost:8081) shows that the job is running on one TaskManager. If you want to scale up the job, simply add another TaskManager to the cluster:
```bash
# Start additional TaskManager
./bin/taskmanager.sh start
```

To scale down, remove a TaskManager instance.
```bash
# Remove a TaskManager
./bin/taskmanager.sh stop
```

### Usage

> #### Configuration

Author: How about "Recommendations"?

> To enable Reactive Mode, you need to configure `scheduler-mode` to `reactive`.

Reviewer: Are there no configuration options? Timeouts, etc?

Author: There's a pending PR for it, that is not yet merged. I'll add this once the PR is merged.

> To enable Reactive Mode, you need to configure `scheduler-mode` to `reactive`.

Reviewer: what happens if I programmatically `setParallelism` on the ExecutionEnvironment of an Operator?

Author: It will be ignored. I'll add it.

> To enable Reactive Mode, you need to configure `scheduler-mode` to `reactive`.

Reviewer: Why is this configuration called "scheduler-mode"? Is it a mode of the "Adaptive Scheduler"? From the structure of the documentation it could also be something like an "scaling-mode"?

Author: scheduler-mode=reactive selects the adaptive scheduler (instead of the default scheduler), and configures it in with certain timeouts to behave reactively.
I would consider reactive mode more an operation mode of the JobManager, because the adaptive scheduler doesn't actually know about reactive mode.
We originally wanted to call this execution-mode, but there are already a lot of execution modes in Flink. Naming this is difficult. I actually had an offline discussion with a few folks about this, but we didn't come up with a better name.

> #### Parallelism

Reviewer: I would merge this with the configuration section

The **parallelism of individual operators in a job will be determined by the scheduler**. It is not configurable. 

> The only way of influencing the parallelism is by setting a max parallelism for a operator (which will be respected by the scheduler). The maxParallelism is bounded by 2^15 (32768), which is the value that Reactive Mode uses if nothing else is configured. If there is no maxParallelism defined for an operator, `32768` will be used as a default.

Reviewer: Without Reactive Mode the maxParallelism default to `128`, correct?

I am wondering if Reactive mode should change the maxParallelism setting implicitly. It feels more naturally to me, if the maxParallelism is not changed and configured as an orthogonal concern by the user regardless of the scheduler-mode.

Author: Correct, the default is 128.

I don't understand your suggestion. The current behavior is implicit in my opinion: If the user does nothing, they can scale up the job in reactive mode up to a parallelism of 32768.

Reviewer: Yes, I am wondering if this implicitness is a bad thing. I would suggest not to change it and to let the user increase the max parallelism explicitly if she wants to. 

Thinking more about this: in the current way, wouldn't changing the scheduler-mode break savepoint compatibility right now? You switch a job from default to reactive and you can't recover from your Savepoint by default?! 

But even if that's not the case, I find it more natural not to implicitely change max parallelism when changing the scheduler mode. The max parallelism is respected by the schedule (as it already is), but not changed.

Author: Since this already implemented as I've documented it: How about merging the PR as-is, because it is in sync with the code, then we revisit this issue in a separate ticket?

This probably breaks savepoint compatibility, yes.
It also leads to poor performance, because we have so many key groups. You generally have compelling arguments to revisit this.

Reviewer: https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/FLINK-21844

Author: Thank you for filing a ticket!

### Limitations

Since Reactive Mode is a new, experimental feature, not all features supported by the default scheduler are also available with Reactive Mode (and its adaptive scheduler). The Flink community is working on addressing these limitations.

- **Deployment is only supported as a standalone application deployment**. Active resource providers (such as native Kubernetes, YARN or Mesos) are explicitly not supported. Standalone session clusters are not supported either. The application deployment is limited to single job applications. 

  The only supported deployment options are [Standalone in Application Mode]({{< ref "docs/deployment/resource-providers/standalone/overview" >}}#application-mode) ([described](#getting-started) on this page), [Docker in Application Mode]({{< ref "docs/deployment/resource-providers/standalone/docker" >}}#application-mode-on-docker) and [Standalone Kubernetes Application Cluster]({{< ref "docs/deployment/resource-providers/standalone/kubernetes" >}}#deploy-application-cluster).
- **Streaming jobs only**: The first version of Reactive Mode runs with streaming jobs only. When submitting a batch job, then the default scheduler will be used.

> - **No support for [local recovery]({{< ref "docs/ops/state/large_state_tuning">}}#task-local-recovery)**: Local recovery is a feature that schedules tasks to machines so that the state on that machine gets re-used if possible. The lack of this feature means that Reactive Mode will always need to restore the entire state from the checkpoint storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **No support for [local recovery]({{< ref "docs/ops/state/large_state_tuning">}}#task-local-recovery)**: Local recovery is a feature that schedules tasks to machines so that the state on that machine gets re-used if possible. The lack of this feature means that Reactive Mode will always need to download the entire state from the checkpoint storage.
```

- **No support for local failover**: Local failover means that the scheduler is able to restart parts ("regions" in Flink's internals) of a failed job, instead of the entire job. This limitation impacts only recovery time of embarrassingly parallel jobs -- Flink's default scheduler can restart failed parts, while Reactive Mode will restart the entire job.
- **Limited integration with Flink's Web UI**: Reactive Mode allows that a job's parallelism can change over its lifetime. The web UI only shows the current parallelism of a job, not the historic evolution of the job.

> - **No support for fine grained resource specifications**: Fine-grained resource specifications are ignored by Reactive Mode.

Reviewer: For all other limitations, you added a link and a short explanation. Can you do the same here?

---
title: Elastic Scaling
weight: 5
type: docs

---
<!--
Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.
-->

# Elastic Scaling

> Apache Flink allows you to rescale your jobs. You can either do this manually by stopping the job and restarting from the savepoint created during shutdown with a different parallelism.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apache Flink allows you to rescale your jobs. You can do this manually by stopping the job and restarting from the savepoint created during shutdown with a different parallelism.
```

> This page describes options where Flink automatically adjusts the parallelism.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page describes options where Flink automatically adjusts the parallelism instead.
```

## Reactive Mode

{{< hint danger >}}
Reactive mode is a MVP ("minimum viable product") feature. The Flink community is actively looking for feedback by users through our mailing lists. Please check the limitations listed on this page.
{{< /hint >}}

> Reactive Mode configures a job so that it always uses all resources available in the cluster. Adding a TaskManager will scale up your job, removing resources will scale it down. Flink will manage the parallelism of the job, always setting them to the highest possible values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reactive Mode configures a job so that it always uses all resources available in the cluster. Adding a TaskManager will scale up your job, removing resources will scale it down. Flink will manage the parallelism of the job, always setting it to the highest possible values.
```

> Reactive Mode restarts a job on a rescaling event, restoring it from the latest completed checkpoint. This means that there is no overhead of manually creating a savepoint (which is needed for manually rescaling a job). Also, the amount of data that is reprocessed after rescaling depends on the checkpointing interval, and the restore time depends on the state size. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reactive Mode restarts a job on a rescaling event, restoring it from the latest completed checkpoint. This means that there is no overhead of creating a savepoint (which is needed for manually rescaling a job). Also, the amount of data that is reprocessed after rescaling depends on the checkpointing interval, and the restore time depends on the state size. 
```

The Reactive Mode allows Flink users to implement a powerful autoscaling mechanism, by having an external service monitor certain metrics, such as consumer lag, aggregate CPU utilization, throughput or latency. As soon as these metrics are above or below a certain threshold, additional TaskManagers can be added or removed from the Flink cluster. This could be implemented through changing the [replica factor](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/deployment/#replicas) of a Kubernetes deployment, or an [autoscaling](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/AutoScalingGroup.html) group. This external service only needs to handle the resource allocation and deallocation. Flink will take care of keeping the job running with the resources available.
 
### Getting started

> If you just want to try out Reactive Mode, follow these instructions. They assume that you are deploying Flink on one machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you just want to try out Reactive Mode, follow these instructions. They assume that you are deploying Flink on a single machine.
```

  The only supported deployment options are [Standalone in Application Mode]({{< ref "docs/deployment/resource-providers/standalone/overview" >}}#application-mode) ([described](#getting-started) on this page), [Docker in Application Mode]({{< ref "docs/deployment/resource-providers/standalone/docker" >}}#application-mode-on-docker) and [Standalone Kubernetes Application Cluster]({{< ref "docs/deployment/resource-providers/standalone/kubernetes" >}}#deploy-application-cluster).
- **Streaming jobs only**: The first version of Reactive Mode runs with streaming jobs only. When submitting a batch job, then the default scheduler will be used.
- **No support for [local recovery]({{< ref "docs/ops/state/large_state_tuning">}}#task-local-recovery)**: Local recovery is a feature that schedules tasks to machines so that the state on that machine gets re-used if possible. The lack of this feature means that Reactive Mode will always need to download the entire state from the checkpoint storage.

> - **No support for local failover**: Local failover means that the scheduler is able to restart parts ("regions" in Flink's internals) of a failed job, instead of the entire job. This limitation impacts only recovery time of embarrassingly parallel jobs -- Flink's default scheduler can restart failed parts, while Reactive Mode will restart the entire job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **No support for local failover**: Local failover means that the scheduler is able to restart parts ("regions" in Flink's internals) of a failed job, instead of the entire job. This limitation impacts only recovery time of embarrassingly parallel jobs: Flink's default scheduler can restart failed parts, while Reactive Mode will restart the entire job.
```

> - **Limited integration with Flink's Web UI**: Reactive Mode allows that a job's parallelism can change over its lifetime. The web UI only shows the current parallelism of a job, not the historic evolution of the job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Limited integration with Flink's Web UI**: Reactive Mode allows that a job's parallelism can change over its lifetime. The web UI only shows the current parallelism the job.
```

```bash
# Start additional TaskManager
./bin/taskmanager.sh start
```

To scale down, remove a TaskManager instance.
```bash
# Remove a TaskManager
./bin/taskmanager.sh stop
```

### Usage

#### Configuration

To enable Reactive Mode, you need to configure `scheduler-mode` to `reactive`.

The **parallelism of individual operators in a job will be determined by the scheduler**. It is not configurable. 

The only way of influencing the parallelism is by setting a max parallelism for a operator (which will be respected by the scheduler). The maxParallelism is bounded by 2^15 (32768), which is the value that Reactive Mode uses if nothing else is configured. If there is no maxParallelism defined for an operator, `32768` will be used as a default.
If you manually set a parallelism in your job for individual operators or the entire job, this setting will be ignored.

Note that such a high maxParallelism might affect performance of the job, since more internal structures are needed to maintain [some internal structures](https://flink.apache.org/features/2017/07/04/flink-rescalable-state.html) of Flink.

#### Recommendations

> - **Configure periodic checkpointing for stateful jobs**: Reactive mode restores from the latest completed checkpoint on a rescale event. If no periodic checkpointing is enabled, your program will loose its state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Configure periodic checkpointing**: Reactive mode restores from the latest completed checkpoint on a rescale event. If periodic checkpointing is not enabled, your program will loose its state.
```

In the end bascially every application is stateful. Don't need to let the user think about whether it is stateful or not.

Generally, this sounds very dangerous. Wondering if failing if no checkpointing is configured would be the better option. :shrug:

Author: What if speed is more important than correctness, and a user explicitly needs no checkpointing (say you are just pumping logs from one Kafka to another, and you can tolerate a few seconds of data loss?)
I'm concerned that we are too restrictive by failing. Also, reactive mode is an MVP feature.  If we get feedback that people run into this, then we can revisit.

Reviewer: Sounds good.

> - **Configure a restarting strategy**: Reactive mode will respect the configured restarting strategy: If no restarting strategy is configured, reactive mode will fail your job, instead of scaling it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Configure a restarting strategy**: Reactive mode will respect the configured restarting strategy: If no restarting strategy is configured, reactive mode will fail your job, instead of scaling it.
```

Isn't the default "infinite restarts" if checkpointing is configured?

Author: I actually didn't know this ;)
I updated the docs accordingly.

---
title: Elastic Scaling
weight: 5
type: docs

---
<!--
Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.
-->

# Elastic Scaling

> Flink allows you to adjust your cluster size dynamically to your workloads. This is possible by stopping a job with a savepoint and restarting it with a different parallelism. This page describes options where Flink automatically adjusts the parallelism.

Reviewer 2: The second sentence reads as if the rescaling is a manual process.

> ## Reactive Mode

Reviewer: What other section do you expect here besides "Reactive Mode"?

Author: Autoscaling (maybe alternatively called active scaling or policy-based scaling)
I believe we should soon add a scaling feature that works with active resource managers.

{{< hint danger >}}
Reactive mode is an experimental feature. The Flink community is actively looking for feedback by users through our mailing lists.
{{< /hint >}}

> 

Reviewer 2: I think it would be good to explain on a high level how the reactive mode works: E.g. Flink tries to make use of as many resources as possible by adapting the job as the set of resources changes. Then it is easier to understand how this mode can be used to build an autoscaling mechanism.

> The Reactive Mode allows Flink users to implement a powerful autoscaling mechanism, by having an external service monitor certain metrics, such as consumer lag, aggregate CPU utilization, throughput or latency. As soon as these metrics are above or below a certain threshold, additional TaskManagers can be added or removed from the Flink cluster. This could be implemented through changing the [replica factor](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/deployment/#replicas) of a Kubernetes deployment, or an [autoscaling](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/AutoScalingGroup.html) group.

Reviewer: Before this you might want to add a sentence or two explaining what the Reactive Mode is actually doing, i.e. that it always takes all the slots available in the clusters and scales the job to that parallelism.

 
### Getting started

If you just want to try out Reactive Mode, follow these instructions. They assume that you are deploying Flink on one machine.

```bash
# Put Job into lib/ directory
cp ./examples/streaming/TopSpeedWindowing.jar lib/
# Submit Job in Application Mode

> ./bin/standalone-job.sh start -Drestart-strategy=fixeddelay -Drestart-strategy.fixed-delay.attempts=100000 -Djobmanager.scheduler=adaptive -Dscheduler-mode=reactive -j org.apache.flink.streaming.examples.windowing.TopSpeedWindowing

Reviewer 2: Do I need `-Djobmanager.scheduler=adaptive` if I set `-Dscheduler-mode=reactive`?

# Start first TaskManager
./bin/taskmanager.sh start
```

Let's quickly examine the used configuration parameters:
- `-Drestart-strategy=fixeddelay` and `-Drestart-strategy.fixed-delay.attempts=100000` configure the job to restart on failure. This is needed for supporting scale-down.
- `-Djobmanager.scheduler=adaptive` enables the Adaptive Scheduler, which is needed to use Reactive Mode.

> - `-Dscheduler-mode=reactive` enables Reactive Mode.

Reviewer 2: I guess the reactive mode should enable the adaptive scheduler.

> You have now started a Flink job in Application Mode. The [web interface on localhost:8081](http://localhost:8081) now shows that the job is running on one TaskManager. If you want to scale up the job, add another TaskManager to the cluster:

Reviewer: Application Mode? I mean, yes, but did you want to say "Reactive Mode".

> You have now started a Flink job in Application Mode. The [web interface on localhost:8081](http://localhost:8081) now shows that the job is running on one TaskManager. If you want to scale up the job, add another TaskManager to the cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have now started a Flink job in Application Mode. The [web interface](http://localhost:8081) shows that the job is running on one TaskManager. If you want to scale up the job, simply add another TaskManager to the cluster:
```

```bash
# Start additional TaskManager
./bin/taskmanager.sh start
```

To scale down, remove a TaskManager instance.
```bash
# Remove a TaskManager
./bin/taskmanager.sh stop
```

> ### Limitations

Reviewer: Currently, there is only a "Getting Started" and "Limitations" section. Shouldn't there a section like "Configuration" or "Usage", too?

Since Reactive Mode is a new, experimental feature, not all features supported by the default scheduler are also available with Reactive Mode (and its adaptive scheduler). The Flink community is working on addressing these limitations.

> - **Deployment is only supported as a standalone application** deployment. Active resource managers (such as native Kubernetes, YARN or Mesos) are explicitly not supported. Standalone session clusters are not supported either. The application deployment is limited to single job applications.

Reviewer: Link to the Different Modes?

> - **Deployment is only supported as a standalone application** deployment. Active resource managers (such as native Kubernetes, YARN or Mesos) are explicitly not supported. Standalone session clusters are not supported either. The application deployment is limited to single job applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Application Mode Only **. In terms of Deplyoment Modes only Application Mode is supported. In consequence, active resource managers (such as native Kubernetes, YARN or Mesos) not supported. Generally, Application Mode supports to submit multiple Flink Jobs as part of one application. This is not supported: reactive Mode only supports applications consisting of one Flink Job.
```

Author: Application Mode only is misleading, because we also don't support YARN Application Mode. I'll push a reworked version.

- **Streaming jobs only**: The first version of Reactive Mode runs with streaming jobs only. When submitting a batch job, then the default scheduler will be used.

> - **No support for local recovery**: Local recovery is a feature that schedules tasks to machines so that the state on that machine gets re-used if possible. The lack of this feature means that Reactive Mode will always need to restore the entire state from the checkpoint storage.

Reviewer: Link to documentation on local recovery?

> - **No support for local failovers**: Local failover means that the scheduler is able to restart parts ("regions" in Flink's internals) of a failed job, instead of the entire job. This limitations impacts only recovery time of embarrassingly parallel jobs -- Flink's default scheduler can restart failed parts, while Reactive Mode will restart the entire job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **No support for local failover**: Local failover means that the scheduler is able to restart parts ("regions" in Flink's internals) of a failed job, instead of the entire job. This limitation impacts only recovery time of embarrassingly parallel jobs -- Flink's default scheduler can restart failed parts, while Reactive Mode will restart the entire job.
```

> - **No support for local failovers**: Local failover means that the scheduler is able to restart parts ("regions" in Flink's internals) of a failed job, instead of the entire job. This limitations impacts only recovery time of embarrassingly parallel jobs -- Flink's default scheduler can restart failed parts, while Reactive Mode will restart the entire job.

Reviewer: Link to documentation on local failover?

Author: Local failover doesn't seem to be documented

> - **Limited integration with Flink's Web UI**: Reactive Mode allows that a job's parallelism can change over its lifetime. The web UI only shows the current parallelism of a job, not the historic evolution of the job. There might be other inconveniences such as a lack of the exception history, incorrect job status time-stamps and incorrect metrics.

Reviewer: Can we be more specific here? "There might be other inconveniences ... like incorrect metrics", does not sound good. We should know, how metrics are impacted and document this here.

> - **No support for fine grained resource specifications**: Fine-grained resource specifications are ignored by Reactive Mode.

Reviewer: Like to documentation on fine-grained resource specifications.

Author: I fear that there's no documentation available yet: https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/FLINK-14187?focusedCommentId=17295371&page=com.atlassian.jira.plugin.system.issuetabpanels%3Acomment-tabpanel#comment-17295371

Reviewer 3: I'd suggest to remove the bullet for fine-grained resource specifications for the moment. This feature is unlikely to be ready for the users to use in the 1.13 release. Thus, we are not exposing public interfaces atm.

Author: Thanks a lot! I've remove it!

> - **Rescaling causes downtime**: Rescaling of a job happens by restarting the job, thus jobs with large state might need a lot of resources and time to rescale. Rescaling a job causes downtime of your job, but no data loss.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Rescaling causes downtime**: Rescaling of a job happens by restarting the job, thus jobs with large state might need a lot of resources and time to rescale. Rescaling a job causes downtime of your job, but no data loss.
```

Should we add this as a limitation? This sounds more like a possible future optimization than a limitation. It is completely expected like this.

### Usage Notes

#### Parallelism

The **parallelism of individual operators in a job will be determined by the scheduler**. It is not configurable. 

> The only way of influencing the parallelism is by setting a max parallelism for a operator (which will be respected by the scheduler). The maxParallelism is bounded by 2^15 (32768), which is the value that Reactive Mode uses if nothing else is configured.

Reviewer 2: What is the default `maxParallelism` value?
